for a limited time only by an Intel Core
i5 or Core i7 CPU and get a free
three-month subscription to iRacing comm
available from participating retailers
click the link in the video description
for more details welcome to my unboxing
and first look at the G 700 s from
Logitech the key difference between
their 7 Series mice so the G 7 the G 700
and now the G 700 S is the fact that
they are all wireless but gaming grade
the G seven was really the first Mouse
that was marketed as a gaming grade
wireless mouse and the difference
between gaming capable wireless mice and
non gaming capable ones is all about the
latency so creating a wireless
connection that is low latency enough
the gamers aren't going to notice any
input lag from the mouse is key to being
able to well being able to be responsive
enough particularly for FPS gamers in
order to really with a straight face
call it gaming grade now Logitech has
recently upgraded a few well pretty much
their entire G series of products with
this S suffix at the end of it so the S
is for I don't know for supreme
performance of surface or something like
that and what they've really done is
they've upgraded the materials that
they're using on the products themselves
covering them in a hydrophobic coating
upgrading things like the grippy sides
upgrading everything about them to make
them last longer and feel better on the
user's hands so they shouldn't get all
sort of greasy and sweaty and nasty and
they should be easier to grip and I
shouldn't peel back in fact my only
complaint about one of my favorite my
sever the G 9 was the fact that my grip
peeled other than that it was
near-perfect
so let's see what else Logitech has to
say for themselves about this 200 all
the way up to 8200 dpi giving you the
ultimate in flexibility so that's 12
mega pixels per second and image
processing and the maximum speed of up
to 4 meters per second so 4 contacts
that's tested on popular gaming mousepad
surfaces so for context guys I'd be like
if I was moving my mouse this fast like
probably faster like no one actually
well ok maybe someone actually moves
like that over a very short distance but
should be able to handle it let's go
back up back to the box over here
sixteen bits per axis up to a thousand
reports per second that's great for a
wireless mouse there's only a few that
are capable of that and durability of 20
million clicks for the buttons and 250
kilometers for the feet although
unfortunately they don't say what
surface that is on so apparently the
buttons are fingerprint-resistant it's
where you can recharge and handle data
over single connection it has five
onboard memory profiles which you can
switch between with this button 13
programmable buttons and you can adjust
your DPI on-the-fly now one of the
coolest Logitech features that they
really introduced so here let's go
through what's in here but I'll talk
about the scroll wheel in a minute so
you've got an extension cord for the
wireless receiver and it does not use
the same unified wireless receiver that
their other products are capable of
connecting to this is a special one and
it is just for your gaming mouse because
the data rates required are higher than
on their consumer grade products so
there you go this extension cable is
about I don't know but a little less
than a Linus arm spin so it must be
around 5 feet long and then you can run
that to somewhere where you're going to
have good reception there are flat
bottom pieces here so you can stick it
to something to do whatever else you
want with it we've also got a cable that
can be used to charge the mouse or run
in Wired mode so this one right here is
not braided or anything like that in
fact out of all the mice I've seen so
far from their new GS series the G 500s
is the only one that's had a braided
cable it doesn't really affect
performance but it's one of those
premium feeling things that I wouldn't
have minded seeing if they could include
it so you can see how it plugs in right
here so you can plug it in to charge
unplug it to not charge and it'll look
just like a wired mouse when you are not
operating it in that fashion let's have
a look at what else they've got included
here looks like a set up guide plug the
thing into the thing and all likely had
warranty information it does have a
three year warranty it should be noted
that Logitech's warranty is absolutely
legendary and I've personally
experienced it in the past many times
they don't even require you to ship the
product back to them at all so here's
the battery oh I'd love to see that if
you guys have been watching my videos
for any kind of period of time you'll
know I love sanyo eneloop so I guess
their planet Panasonic whatever well
this one still has the Sanyo branding on
it I love any loops they're the best
rechargeable batteries they're awesome
and the cool thing about enna loops is
it means your G 700s is going to arrive
ready to play you don't have to charge
it before you use it because they hold a
charge incredibly well there's an on/off
switch at the bottom so you can turn it
off when you're in transit and they have
enormous non-slip enormous slippy pads
on the bottom of the mouse this doesn't
affect how much friction the mouse has
with the surface below it because it's
not how friction works but what it does
do is it effectively makes the mouse
more durable because there's little hair
there there's more surface to rub off
over time so that's I guess how they're
getting that 250 kilometer durability on
the mouse itself so let's go ahead and
let's get this get this mouse going over
here so we've got a right-handed shape
which we've come to expect from logitech
gaming mice they don't have a
left-handed Mouse I kind of wish they do
one and I know that many left-handed
gamers do but it's a very ergonomic
shape now you can see here this is
designed for palm the shape here it fits
right into your palm and you can quite
comfortably especially if you have
slightly larger hands than me I have
quite small hands so you can see there's
a fair bit of space left at the end of
the buttons and my index finger sits in
such a way that I'm kind of between
these two so if you had medium sized
hands you'd sit right here where you can
very easily press this one this one or
this one so those are the g8g 9 and g10
buttons these are fully programmable
buttons and your hand would also sit a
little bit more forward on the mouse and
you know be a little bit more
comfortable so I wouldn't necessarily
recommend this for people with super
small hands like I have on the side of
the most you've got four more G buttons
as well as the battery indicator at a
very very nice coating finish here we've
seen this already on some of the other
GS series mice and it's equally
impressive here however I haven't used
them for long enough to get my hands
sweaty to the point where I've observed
the difference in the hydrophobic
coating now back to the scroll wheel
this is such an awesome Logitech feature
I I love it
so normally it's a clicky scroll wheel
here I'm going to hold it up to a mic up
here so you guys guys can hear
but that clique can you hear that all
right awesome now check this out by
pressing this gear button this
disengaged button here free spin so if
you don't use your mouse only for gaming
and you also use it for work or maybe
you want to bind something to like a
bajillion scroll wheel flick so you can
just flick the mouse you can browse
through excel sheets web pages whatever
else very very quickly you just go flick
stop when you see the thing you want to
see and it's absolutely awesome
I believe this button right yep this
button right here is cycling through the
DPI profiles so we got one two three
four five different dpi profiles just by
clicking on that button up at the top
but you can rebind the g buttons to
whatever you want so the total number of
buttons is count them up with me one two
three one on the click right there by
sort accounts because it only does this
so 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 buttons let's
see if that's what they say on the box
because maybe I missed one but you know
what they don't seem to say it all so
thank you for checking out my own may
say 13 what will be back I figured it
out this mouse balls so hard it has a
tilting scroll wheel forgot about that
so 4 on the side which I can reach
easily even with my smaller hands 3 over
here on the left which I can reach 2 of
easily and there's a third one that I
could reach but it'd be a little bit
tough so at 7 total 8 9 10 11 12 13
thank you for checking out my unboxing
and first look at the G 700 s from
Logitech don't forget to subscribe for
more unboxings reviews and other
computer videos